the boys soccer playoffs kicked off with
a thriller between La Sierra and
Redlands on Tuesday the Terriers and
eagles meeting in a division 3 wild card
match not even five minutes into the
match la Sierra strikes first Michael
ponds feeds Luis Fernandez who plays the
ball off his chest one bouncing the
blast in for the goal one nada Eagles on
top later in the first half
Christian Duran taking the corner kick
for La Sierra and there's Ray Alvarado
the sweet deflection and in for another
Eagles score la sierra led to nil at the
break but in the second half the
Terriers storm back led by freshman
Davis Moreno the chip shot falls in and
Redlands makes it a two-to-one game with
less than 19 minutes to play in
regulation just six minutes later jarred
Harkness finds Moreno for his second
goal of the match and we're now all
level 2 to 2 it stayed that way through
regulation and overtime so we head to a
shootout Miguel Valderrama up first for
La Sierra but Redlands keeper grant
Ganther turns him away now it's Tanner
Herrero for the Terriers he buries it
Redlands goes up 1-zip after one round
in the shootout up next for La Sierra is
Alvarado you know how he rolls he gets
lost Sierra on the board of the shootout
Redlands takes the lead when Harkness
slots this shot in for the score to 2-1
Terriers la Sierra's Luis Hernandez
that's another goal for La Sierra to
make it to 2 of the shootout and it
stays that way when La Sierra's Alexis
Ramos makes the big save so we head to
the fourth round of the shootout tied at
2 Duran gives La Sierra the lead on that
goal Redlands Derick Paragon once again
ties to shootout making it three to
three heading into the fifth and final
round la Sierra's Hector Espinosa
tallies the goal to put the Eagles ahead
and Ramos does the rest a big-time stop
on the Terriers final kick and La Sierra
is moving on to the division and La
Sierra is moving on to the division 3
first round
edging Redlands 4 to 3 in the shootout
the Eagles will travel the century High
School in Anaheim on Thursday HIPEC
Fernandez for a chess game time and PE
calm
you